[C#] Simplified basic-enums exercise by removing parsing (#864)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/enums/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

In this exercise you'll be processing log-lines.

Each log line is a string formatted as follows: `"[<LVL>]: <MESSAGE>"`.

These are the different log levels:

- `Unknown`
- `Trace`
- `Debug`
- `Info`
- `Warning`
- `Error`

> - `Fatal`

Reviewer: These log levels directly refer to the log level that was introduced in the text above, and that refers to the log level in the file, _not_ the enum. Please change it to:

```suggestion
- `TRC` (trace)
- `DBG` (debug)
- `INF` (info)
- `WRN` (warning)
- `ERR` (error)
- `FTL` (fatal)
```

You have three tasks.

### 1. Parse log level

> Define a `LogLevel` enum that has seven elements. Here are the log levels and their corresponding messages from the system.

Reviewer: There are not seven yet, as the unknown is added later.

```suggestion
Define a `LogLevel` enum that has six elements corresponding to the above log levels.
```

- `Trace` - "[TRC] Here is the stack trace: ..."
- `Debug` - "[DBG] Solve this problem by ..."
- `Info` - "[INF] Processing..."
- `Warning` - "[WRN] Unsuspicious activity detected"
- `Error` - "[ERR] Missing semicolon;"

> - `Fatal` - "[FTL] Stack Overflow"

Reviewer: With the log level format and the log levels already being defined above, the extra message is unneeded:

```suggestion
- `Trace`
- `Debug`
- `Info`
- `Warning`
- `Error`
- `Fatal`
```

In this exercise you'll be processing log-lines.

Each log line is a string formatted as follows: `"[<LVL>]: <MESSAGE>"`.

These are the different log levels:

- `TRC` (trace)
- `DBG` (debug)
- `INF` (info)
- `WRN` (warning)
- `ERR` (error)
- `FTL` (fatal)

You have three tasks.

### 1. Parse log level

Define a `LogLevel` enum that has six elements corresponding to the above log levels.

- `Trace`
- `Debug`
- `Info`
- `Warning`
- `Error`
- `Fatal`

Next, implement the `LogLine.ParseLogLevel()` method to parse the log level of a log line:

```csharp
LogLine.ParseLogLevel("[INF]: File deleted")

> // Returns: LogLevel.Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// => LogLevel.Info
```

```

### 2. Support unknown log level

Unfortunately, occasionally some log lines have an unknown log level. To gracefully handle these log lines, add an `Unknown` element to the `LogLevel` enum which should be returned when parsing an unknown log level:

```csharp
LogLine.ParseLogLevel("[XYZ]: Overly specific, out of context message")

> // Returns: LogLevel.Unknown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// => LogLevel.Unknown
```

The encoded log level is simple mapping of a log level to a number:

- `Info` -> `1`
- `Warning` -> `2`
- `MinorError` -> `4`

> - `CriticalError` -> `4`

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't these two types of errors have different levels?

Author: Yes, you're right. Thanks for pointing it out :)

The encoded log level is simple mapping of a log level to a number:

- `Trace` - `0`
- `Debug` - `1`
- `Info` - `4`
- `Warning` - `5`
- `Error` - `6`
- `Fatal` - `7`
- `Unknown` - `42`

Implement the `LogLine.OutputForShortLog()` method that can output the shortened log line format:

```csharp
LogLine.OutputForShortLog(LogLevel.Error, "Stack overflow")

> // Returns: "6:Stack overflow"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// => "6:Stack overflow"
```
